what's up guys
fuzzy here picked up 2k11 I'll be for
the 360 about two hours ago been playing
it since and I got some footage for you
guys this is the full game no longer the
demo I'm here using the Marlins it's a
pretty standard from last year as you
can see you can change your lineup and
choose your starting pitcher all
throughout the beginning of the match
something I didn't show in the demo was
the nice presentation as you can see the
reporters more than stadium is identical
as I live in Miami so I would know see
it shows the players shows the records
you see there there's a today's
commentators so see these are real stats
11 6 for Josh Johnson win-loss ER a
strikeouts all of those are real
statistics and I think it's real nice
that the game loads them in it really
interacts with the player more when the
game is the real deal comparing this to
2k 10 and it's pretty much the same
graphics have improved of course a lot
of the effects including the throwing
has changed and it's become quite
difficult in this game compared to 2k
which was relatively easier pitching is
pretty much the same but it's a little
improved she says a named average all
the last season stats and you get your
pitches you get introductory or not how
to exactly use the pitching in a 2k11 I
want to talk about the pitching because
I did sales going compared to the show
and games like the show don't use the
analog they use a same button so you
press the button and you wind up and
then you press it again around the red
area and it'll eventually throw the
pitch with that effect and I find it
kind of easy and not very interactive as
you using the analog and trying to
imitate the
motion of the pitch while you're using
your remote your controller so I find it
nice sincere chose the Marlins defensive
status and the presentation is really
nice I really wanted to show you guys
that now I'm going to show you guys some
my player mode this is something I love
about this game you pretty much has a
nice little intro very nice intro with
music that it pretty much shows the
player my player career what you do is
you create a player you know your name
everything and you're gonna be sent into
a double-a team and these are real teams
anywhere and wherever you live depending
on what team you want to be drafted to
so for example you want to be in the
Florida Marlins you'll be you'll go to
the Jacksonville Suns double-a team so
it's it's realistic a very realistic
game I thought I'd throw this entry
video in because I really like this
pretty nice they had a similar one last
year but this one is definitely nicer um
so what you're gonna do while you're in
my player is just you you're gonna
certain number of goals and once you do
get drafted into the major leagues you
do play in the major leagues you play a
number of seasons there's no limit and
and once there's always a goal so the
game never stops and you're always
constantly improving your player while
you're in my players you can see here
I'm gonna fast-forward this but here's
where I made my player and you're gonna
you know constantly put skill points on
your player so you're going to prove
this batting that you're gonna prove his
power you know you're gonna pick up
position and its really really interacts
with the player and it lets you put a
little bit of your own into the game and
then the goals are never-ending you know
once you're three years into the major
leagues and you're still trying to be
your old season stats but not only that
there's a Hall of Fame goals and
milestones that you want to complete in
order to make it to the Hall of Fame so
really the game never actually ends it's
this season of the season once you get
to my 2k templayer was an amazing
95 contact and power both sides so that
I will progress with this player that
I'm making and I will you see you can
see who you can pick a batting stance so
everything is pretty much customize
where you can make a custom batting
stance then you go and that's your
mentor that guy that's talking you and
at the beginning you're gonna have to
clutch
you're gonna come through for your team
and I really like this this this is a 2k
10 stat - this was in 2k 10 but I really
like this I really found this
interesting it really really puts the
pressure kind of makes you feel like if
you're there and I feel that not many
games have the opportunity to do that so
I'm definitely happy that this game does
again you can hear the heartbeat hear
that and you see the picture and you
know it's like the pressures on and you
have to come through for your team and
like here goes out and tells you his
composure pitch count and tells you all
all the speeds and it's different
pitches it tells you your goal drive in
the go-ahead run clutch moment skill
points types - you're gonna Col get go
ahead and use those skills to pretty
much increase that power and all that so
you can see when you first start off you
have versus right-handed pitcher contact
45 and cotton power 50 and then improved
over time so you go and that's the first
pitch I get you see it's two outs bottom
of the ninth so the game is really tight
and that's where you have to come in and
collect for your team I think you see I
hit a single down the middle and the
player scores so I win the game anyways
guys I'll see you later